Refactor End User Guide#Using developer workspaces + adapt to dashboard next (#1737)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/assembly_navigating-che-using-the-dashboard.adoc

:context: navigating-{prod-id-short}-using-the-dashboard

> The *Dashboard* is accessible on your cluster from a URL like `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}/dashboard]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Dashboard* is accessible on your cluster from a URL such as `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}/dashboard]`.
```
